you've seen him around town haven't you
I have the mysterious young man who
passes like a ghost through the tranquil
falling snow the drifter with the paper
umbrella his endless footprints on a
destination to know where he lives life
off the grid he has no home no
significant other aside from the charm
for safe childbirth adorned around his
neck he has no possessions people all
around town talk about him spin tales
about him few people have ever
approached him nobody knows the man's
true name that is except for me
they call him yeah suekichi the egg
catcher man why is he called the egg
catcher well he happens to be a high
order martial artist to his striking
speed rivals that imran Mazama Gaurikund
technique not many have seen it in
action but it is said that his speed is
so precise that he could pluck a whole
dozen eggs out of midair and place them
in their carton yah suekichi has
embraced this nickname and has an
unusual affinity for eggs he may be the
world's only hardcore egg fan he loves
eggs he studies them meticulously
there's not an egg that he doesn't know
he can tell you when it was hatched when
it will spoil how good it will taste and
how to best use it he even owns a
subscription to egg weekly magazine so
serious is his love for eggs that he
searches the world for a woman who
shares his love for eggs so that he may
take her as his bride I'm being serious
I'm not joking the egg catchers name
carries a lot of weight people who don't
even know him tell stories of his
exploits he has a genuine mystique about
him if only these people knew him a
little better this guy in all honesty is
a few egg short of an omelet do not be
fooled by his soft appearance he is a
skinny pencil thin little nerd and not
the book smart kind not only is he as
soft in the head as a soft-boiled egg
but he is clumsy and cowardly as well he
can put on a good show for the ladies
but at the core his personality leaves
much to be desired he talks to himself
often and you get the kind of vibe from
him that he thinks his don't stink
one of the few people to ever get close
to yah Tsukiji is the eldest of the
Tendo daughters Kasumi Kasumi happens to
have a great love for all
including eggs of all the potential
brides yeah Tsukiji has seen in his
travels she is perhaps the only one who
is egg ception all yeah you know you
like that one they would make the
perfect couple with his knowledge of
eggs and her skills at cooking why they
could potentially create the most
wondrous dishes known to man now I know
what you're thinking cuz I'm thinking it
too what about dr. tofu the Tendo family
physician though yeah Suki cheese
feelings for Kasumi are unclear at best
tofu is love for Kasumi is no secret
even a blind man can see that this guy
is head over heels for her and who knows
maybe she is into him as well this would
be a strong relationship if somebody
would just Drudge up the cojones to make
the first move this childish flirting
and tongue-tied foolery has been going
on for quite a while now and could go on
forever could you blame ya Tsukiji for
stepping in and making the interception
no you really couldn't but a certain
chain of events would make what should
be an easy decision into something a
little more on a scrambled mess
wandering through a dark Tokyo alleyway
yah suekichi was attacked and mauled by
a rabies infested mutt bruised bloodied
and beaten like an egg now suekichi
showed up on the doorstep of his
unknowing adversary dr. tofu tofu
patched him up nursed him back to health
and even allowed him to stay at the
office until he was fully healed yah
Tsukiji admired tobu selflessness here
tofu didn't know him from a hole in the
wall and still he cared for him the two
built a strong friendship and yeah
Tsukiji made a silent bow to repay the
good doctor someday somehow upon
realizing that tofu and kasumi were a
couple and dire need of a jumpstart yeah
Tsukiji found himself in a bit of a
pickle more like a pickled egg
no this young man do will he remain true
to his buddy and play matchmaker in an
utterly hopeless romance or will he
follow the path of his own personal
happiness and go after Kasumi himself
for the betterment of eggs all across
the world I can't reveal everything
right this minute if you want the answer
you're gonna have to do your own digging
and so at least to my estimation that is
the story of yah suekichi the egg
catcher man he is constantly on the move
walking the streets traipsing the alleys
climbing the hills skull King the
valleys an apparition who is more human
than one would think as the layers of
his personality are pulled back it is
evident that he is just like your I a
flawed man with a loving heart a man
whose past is concealed in perplexity
though it may be more familiar than one
would think until he finds his confidant
soon yah Tsukiji will make heads turn
make people talk and stupefy all he
comes in contact with upon this is
heroin a spedition what it was no worse
than anything elders
you
this has been a run mo one hand
character a profile special thanks straw
to Amber angel 999 guy buddy sitting for
the requests